README.md, before:

<img  src="https://github.com/SazidSifat/SazidSifat/blob/main/Modern%20Corporate%20Staff%20Profile%20LinkedIn%20Banner.png">
<br>

<h1 >Hi 👋, I'm Sazid Ahamed Sifat</h1>
<p>
  🌍 Aspiring Frontend Developer| React/NextJS Developer | 🎓 CSE Student  
</p>
<br>

## 🧑‍💼 About Me:
I am a passionate Computer Science & Engineering student with a strong interest in full-stack web development. I love building interactive and dynamic web applications using the MERN stack.

## 🔭 Currently I'm:
- 🌍 Exploring **Next.js** for server-side rendering and routing
- 🧾 Developing a **Historical Artifact Tracker** with CRUD & Likes
- ⚙️ Practicing reusable components & performance optimization

##  💻 Tech Stack
<p >
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html,css,js,react,next,tailwind,nodejs,express,mongodb,firebase,git,github,figma,cpp,java,python,postgresql," />
</p>

## 🌐 Connect with Me

<p>
   <a href="mailto:sazidahamed04@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-%23D14836.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/sazidsifat/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230A66C2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/SazidSifat" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-%23181717.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/SazidSifat14576" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-%231DA1F2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
</p>
<br>


## 📊 GitHub Stats

<p><img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=sazidsifat&layout=compact&theme=gruvbox&border_radius=10" alt="Top Languages" /></p>
<p></p> <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=sazidsifat&show_icons=true&locale=en&theme=gruvbox&border_radius=10" alt="sazidsifat" /></p>

---

Commit message:

Update project focus from Historical Tracker to LMS

README.md, after:

<img  src="https://github.com/SazidSifat/SazidSifat/blob/main/Modern%20Corporate%20Staff%20Profile%20LinkedIn%20Banner.png">
<br>

<h1 >Hi 👋, I'm Sazid Ahamed Sifat</h1>
<p>
  🌍 Aspiring Frontend Developer| React/NextJS Developer | 🎓 CSE Student  
</p>
<br>

## 🧑‍💼 About Me:
I am a passionate Computer Science & Engineering student with a strong interest in full-stack web development. I love building interactive and dynamic web applications using the MERN stack.

## 🔭 Currently I'm:
- 🌍 Exploring **Next.js** for server-side rendering and routing
- 🧾 Developing a **Learning Management Website** with nextJs and TypeScript
- ⚙️ Practicing reusable components & performance optimization

##  💻 Tech Stack
<p >
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html,css,js,react,next,tailwind,nodejs,express,mongodb,firebase,git,github,figma,cpp,java,python,postgresql," />
</p>

## 🌐 Connect with Me

<p>
   <a href="mailto:sazidahamed04@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-%23D14836.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/sazidsifat/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230A66C2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/SazidSifat" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-%23181717.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/SazidSifat14576" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-%231DA1F2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
</p>
<br>


## 📊 GitHub Stats

<p><img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=sazidsifat&layout=compact&theme=gruvbox&border_radius=10" alt="Top Languages" /></p>
<p></p> <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=sazidsifat&show_icons=true&locale=en&theme=gruvbox&border_radius=10" alt="sazidsifat" /></p>

---
